I was born in Malawi in 1962.
I lost my eyesight at two years of age because of an eye disease.
We have to rely on the reins for the food we eat and sell as it is our only source of
income.
I also look after both my parents.
My father is 99 years old and my mother is 92 years old.
Hoverty is very time consuming.
There are a lot of household chores to do to keep things clean and neat, like fetching
water for our daily needs.
In the evening, after we have eaten, this is the time for eating.
When I was young, father took the lead in our family worship, which he still does.
But now, because of his failing eyesight, I read to them.
I read with my fingers, so nighttime is no problem.
My fingers are my eyes.
One scripture that really touches my heart is James 5.11, which says,
Look, we consider happy those who have endured.
Job endured his trials, and at the end, he saw all the good that Jehovah had blessed him
with.
This convinces me that Jehovah who act in the near future, blessing us with all the things
we are lacking, fulfilling all his promises, and so I am happy to endure.
God's kingdom and His sovereignty are first in my life.
It is only God's kingdom that will solve all these problems.
I feel privileged that I have been able to save as a regular pioneer for 36 years now,
and I have been blessed to help 64 persons to know Jehovah.
I am so happy with songs of 76.
I don't see myself as poor.
I have the Bible and many different publications in Chichewa Braille.
We have the congregation, the ministry, and our brothers and sisters.
All these things make me very happy.
We are not worried about our current situation, because we are spiritually rich.